---
layout: post
author: The PyConUK team
title: PyCon UK is on the move!
---

{% assign links = site.data.links.md.short %}

We’re very excited to announce… PyCon UK is back, and we’re moving to a
brand-new location!

After several fantastic years in Cardiff, the 2025 conference is heading up
north. We’re delighted to announce that PyCon UK 2025 will be held in
Manchester from the 19th to the 22nd of September. Known for its rich
industrial history, vibrant culture, and thriving tech scene, Manchester
provides the perfect backdrop for the conference.

The venue for this year will be {{links.contactmcr}}, a leading national
theatre and arts centre. Contact works with local communities, as well as
nationally and internationally, to provide life-changing opportunities for the
next generation of creative leaders, artists and audiences. Located in the
heart of Manchester, Contact offers state-of-the-art facilities and a
welcoming, accessible space designed to facilitate collaboration, learning, and
innovation.

This year’s PyCon UK will feature the usual full programme of talks, workshops,
and sprints, designed for Python enthusiasts of all levels. Whether you’re a
seasoned developer, a data scientist, an educator, or just getting started with
Python, there’s something for everyone.

As a community-driven conference, PyCon UK is organized and run entirely by a
team of volunteers. If you’d like to help out and get involved, drop us a line
at {%include pyconuk_email.md%}. Alternatively, if you or your organization
would like to support the event, we’d love to hear from you! Get in touch at
{%include sponsorship_email.md%} to learn more about sponsorship opportunities.

To stay connected and receive the latest news about PyCon UK 2025, follow us on
{{links.bluesky}}, {{links.linkedin}}, {{links.mastodon}}, {{links.twitter}}
and join the conversation on our {{links.discord}}. Don’t forget to check back
regularly on this blog too, for in-depth updates and announcements.

We can’t wait to welcome you all to Manchester this September for what promises
to be an unforgettable PyCon UK!
